# Prayer for All Prophets
(Based on A.W. Tozer’s Prayer 1897-1963)

O Lord, Your prophets have heard your voice, and the fear of God is before their eyes. You have called Your prophets to an awesome task, in a grave and perilous hour. You are about to shake heaven and earth, the sea and dry land, all nations and Israel, that the things which cannot be shaken may remain (Haggai 2:6, 21, Heb 12:26).

O Lord, our Lord, You have stooped to honor Your prophets to be Your servants. No man takes this honor upon himself except he who is called of God, just like Aaron was. You have ordained Your prophets to be Your messengers, to them that are stubborn of heart and hard of hearing. They have rejected You the Master, and it is not expected that they will receive Your prophets, Your servants. Dear Lord, Your prophets shall not waste time deploring their weaknesses nor their inadequacies for the task. The responsibility is not Your prophets’, but Yours.

Father, You said, “Before you were born, I sanctified you; I ordained you a prophet to the nations (Jer 1:5, 1 Cor 1:30, 2 Cor 1:21).” You also said, “I will put My words in your mouth, and you shall speak all that I command you (Deut 18:18) and again, “You shall go to all that I send you, and whatever I command you, you shall speak (Jer 1:7).” Who are Your prophets to argue with You? You chose Your prophets; they did not choose you. You appointed Your prophets that they should go and bear fruit, and that their fruit should remain (John 15:16). The decision is not Your prophets’, but Yours. Your will, not theirs, be done.

It is time for You to work, Lord, for the enemy has entered Your pastures and the sheep are torn and scattered. False shepherds abound, who deny the danger, and laugh at the perils that surround the flock. The sheep are deceived by these hirelings and follow them with touching loyalty, while the wolf closes in to kill and destroy. We beseech You, Lord, please give Your prophets eyes to detect the presence of the enemy; give them understanding to distinguish the false friend from the true. Give them vision to see, and courage to report what they see faithfully. Make their voice so much like Your voice, that even the sick sheep will recognize it and follow You.

Lord Jesus, Your prophets come to You for spiritual preparation. Lay Your hand on Your prophets. Anoint them with the oil of a New Testament prophet. Forbid that they should become religious scribes and lose their dependence on the Holy Spirit. Save them from the curse that lies across the face of the modern clergy: the curse of compromise, of imitation, of professionalism. Save them from judging a church by its size, its popularity, or its offering. Help them to remember that they are prophets and not ministry promoters, prophets and not man-pleasers. Let them never become a slave to the crowds, or ministry demands or endless emails. Heal their soul of earthly ambitions and deliver them from the itch of publicity or public attention. Save them from the bondage to material things. Let them not waste time puttering around the house. Lay Your terror on them and drive them to the place of prayer where they may wrestle with principalities and powers, and the rulers of darkness of this age (Eph 6:12, 3:10). Deliver them from overeating or oversleeping. Teach them self-discipline, that they may endure hardship as good soldiers of Jesus Christ (2 Tim 2:3).

Your prophets accept hard work and small rewards in this life. They ask for no easy place. They deny themselves, take up their cross daily, and follow You (Luke 9:23). They shall try and be blind to the things that could make life easier. If others seek a smooth path, they will not judge them. They shall expect opposition and try to take it quietly when it comes, trusting in Your grace. And if they should have grateful gifts pressed upon them, stand by them then, and save them from the strings attached and undue obligations that so often follow. And if, in Your permissive will, honor should come to them from Your church, let them not forget in that hour that they are unworthy of the least of Your mercies, and if men knew them as intimately as they know themselves, they would withhold their honors and bestow them on others more worthy to receive them.

And now, O Lord of Heaven and earth, Your prophets consecrate their remaining days to You. Let them be many and not few (Psalm 91:16, Deut 6:20, Prov 3:2). Let them stand before kings and rulers as a testimony to them and to the Gentiles (Prov 22:29, Matt 10:18, Luke 211:12); and let them minister to the poor and lowly (Matt 25:40,45, Gal 2:10, James 2:1-4), that they may diffuse the fragrance of Christ in every place (2 Cor 2:15). They are Your servants to do Your will, and Your will is sweeter to them than position, riches or fame, and they choose it above all things in Heaven and earth. Though they are chosen by You and honored by a high and heavenly calling, let them never forget that they are men with all the natural faults and passions that plague the race of men. We pray You therefore, our Lord and Redeemer, save Your prophets from themselves, and from all the injuries that they may do to themselves while trying to be a blessing to others. Fill them with the power of the Holy Spirit, and they will go in Your strength and tell of Your righteousness, and Yours alone. They will spread abroad the story of redeeming love while their mortal powers endure.

Then, dear Lord, when Your prophets are old, have a place ready for them above, and make them to be numbered with Your saints in everlasting glory, in Jesus’ Name we pray.
