# Warfare Prayer

Heavenly Father, we bow in worship and praise before you. We cover ourselves with the blood of the Lord Jesus Christ as our protection. We surrender ourselves completely and unreservedly in every area of our lives to You. We take a stand against all the workings of satan that would hinder us in our prayer lives. We address ourselves only to the True & Living God and refuse any involvement of satan in our prayers.

Satan, we command you, in the Name of Jesus Christ, to leave our presence with all your demons. We bring the blood of the Lord Jesus Christ between you and us.

Heavenly Father, we worship You and give You thanks and praise. We recognize, by faith, that You are worthy to receive all glory and honor and praise. We renew our allegiance to You, and pray that the blessed Holy Spirit would enable us in this time of prayer. We are thankful, Heavenly Father, that You loved us from past eternity, and that You sent the Lord Jesus Christ into the world to die as our substitute. We are thankful that the Lord Jesus Christ came as our representative, and that through Him You have completely forgiven us; You have given us eternal life; You have made us the righteousness of God in Him, so that we are now reconciled. We are thankful that You have made us complete, and that You have offered Yourself to be our daily help and strength.

Heavenly Father, open our eyes that we may see how great You are, and how complete Your provision is for this day. We are thankful that the victory that the Lord Jesus Christ won for us on the Cross and in His Resurrection has been given to us, and that we are seated with the Lord Jesus Christ in the heavenlies. We take our place with Him in the heavenlies and recognize by faith that all wicked spirits and satan himself are trodden under our feet. We declare, therefore, that satan and his wicked spirits are subject to us in the Name of the Lord Jesus Christ.

We are thankful for the Armor You have provided. We put on the Girdle of Truth, the Breastplate of Righteousness and of Love, the Sandals of the Gospel of Peace and the Helmet of Salvation. We lift up the Shield of FAITH against all the fiery darts of the enemy; and we take in our hand the Sword of the Spirit, the Word of God, which is sharper than any two-edged sword, piercing even to the dividing asunder of soul and spirit, discerning between the thoughts of the mind and the intents of the heart. We choose to use Your Word against all the forces of evil in our lives. We put on this Armor and live and pray in complete dependence upon You, Blessed Holy Spirit.

We are grateful, Heavenly Father, that the Lord Jesus Christ spoiled all principalities and powers and made a show of them openly and triumphed over them in Himself. We claim all victory for our lives today. We reject all the insinuations, and accusations, and temptations of satan. We affirm that the Word of God is true and we choose to live today in the light of God’s Word. We choose, Heavenly Father, to live in obedience to You and in fellowship with Yourself. Open our eyes and show us the areas of our lives that do not please you. Work in us to cleanse us from all ground that would give satan a foothold against us. We do, in every way, stand into all that it means to be Your adopted children and we welcome all the ministry of the Holy Spirit.

By faith and dependence upon You, we put off the old man and stand into all victory of the Crucifixion, where the Lord Jesus Christ provided cleansing from the old nature. We put on the new man and stand into all victory of the Resurrection and the provision He has made for us to live above sin.

Therefore, today we put off the old nature with its selfishness, and we put on the new nature with its love. We put off the old nature with its fear, and we put on the new nature with its courage. We put off the old nature with all its deceitful lusts, and we put on the new nature with its righteousness, purity and honesty.

In every way we stand into the victory of the Ascension and Glorification of the Lord Jesus Christ, whereby all principalities and powers were made subject to Him. We claim our place in Christ as victorious with Him over all the enemies of our souls. Blessed Holy Spirit, we pray that You would fill us. Come into our lives, break down every idol and cast out every foe.

We are thankful, Heavenly Father, for the expression of Your will for our daily lives, as You have shown us in Your Word. We therefore claim all the will of God for today. We are thankful that You have blessed us with all spiritual blessings in heavenly places in Christ Jesus. We are thankful that You have begotten us unto a living hope by the Resurrection of Jesus Christ from the dead. We are thankful that You have made a provision, so that today we can live filled with the Spirit of God with love, joy, peace, longsuffering, gentleness, goodness, meekness, faithfulness, and self-control in our lives. We recognize this is Your will for us, and we therefore reject and resist all the endeavours of satan and his wicked spirits to rob us of the will of God. We refuse in this day to believe our feelings, and we hold up the Shield of Faith against all the accusations and distortions and insinuations that satan would put into our minds. We claim the fullness of the will of God for our lives.

In the Name of the Lord Jesus Christ, we completely surrender ourselves to You Heavenly Father, as a living sacrifice. We choose not to be conformed to this world. We choose to be transformed by the renewing of our minds, and we pray that You would show us Your will and enable us to walk in all the fullness of Your will today.

We are thankful, Heavenly Father, that the weapons of our warfare are not carnal, but mighty through God to the pulling down of strongholds; to the casting down of imaginations, and every high thing that exalteth itself against the knowledge of God, and we bring every thought into obedience to the Lord Jesus Christ. Therefore, in our own lives today, we tear down the strongholds of satan and smash the plans of satan that have been formed against us. We tear down the strongholds of satan against our minds, and we surrender our minds to You, Blessed Holy Spirit. We affirm, Heavenly Father, that You have not given us the spirit of fear, but of power, love and a sound mind. We break and smash the strongholds of satan formed against our bodies today; we give our bodies to You, recognizing that we are Your temple. We rejoice in Your mercy and goodness.

Heavenly Father, we pray that now and through this day, that You would strengthen and enlighten us; show us the way that satan is hindering, tempting, lying and distorting the Truth in our lives. Enable us to be the kind of people that would please You. Enable us to be aggressive in prayer and Faith. Enable us to be aggressive mentally, to think about and practice Your Word, and to give You Your rightful place in our lives.

Again, we cover ourselves with the blood of the Lord Jesus Christ, and pray that You, Blessed Holy Spirit, would bring all the work of the Crucifixion, all the work of the Resurrection, all the work of the Glorification and all the work of Pentecost into our lives today. We surrender ourselves to You. We refuse to be discouraged. You are the God of all hope. You have proven Your power by resurrecting Jesus Christ from the dead, and we claim, in every way, the victory over all satanic forces in our lives. We pray in the Name of the Lord Jesus Christ with thanksgiving. Amen.
